Long ago, in a time when the world was different. There lived our beloved person "Santa Claus" ( yapp the one who never brought me anything ), he himself was an ordinary person like us !

So our story begins with a person named "Chota Chirkut (20)"; the one with naive, chubby, generous and warn hearted personality. 
His family runs a farm where there is a huge number of cattle resides within it, and a huge grassland. He often plays there with his two little kittens. One of them has velvet eyes with glittered holes in it, the gaze was so enchanted that sometimes he wondered 'what it could be ?'. Those were the sweetest things he had in his life until THAT day ....

Three days before incident
He was coming from his school. The teachers were so rude as they don't care whether a student is perfect in his hobbies or not. They focus merely on academics and were so brutal while punishing the children. This thing haunts every student. Every one wants to either disappear or wanna quit. On the way to home he found a young man probably 19 years old, who was playing with a branch of tree and running here and there. He approached him and asked "What's your name ?";  the person replied "I'm ..... Mel .. umm  Mellow". He smiled at him and express himself as he wanted to play along with him. That evening they played that unhinged game for 2 hours straight, since this was by far the most precious moment for him, he invited mellow to his house. They both left with great joy and happiness as this was the first time he played with someone as nice as him.

Two days before incident
The very next day "chota chirkut" was playing with his two adorable kittens and running all over the grassland where those little cuties were chasing him. His Mother instantly get the sudden change in his behaviour. She called him and politely asked "Baccha! you look so happy and full of joy today. Would you mind if I know the reason ?". Then her mother get to know the full story behind it. She smiled at him and asked him to invite your lil friend to come over to your home. She was weeping with joy because her son never socialize with anyone before, this comes with a wave of euphoria to her.

The day before incident
Next day "chota chirkut" went to school. That day was horrific, the teachers insulting the students in front of there class with no transparency. They even make fun of their physical body, appearance and behaviour. They didn't even back off while insulting on their character. Everyone was crying from their heart so did the "chota chirkut". On the way back home he met with "mellow", he felt something wierd and instantly hugged him. "chota chirkut" burst into tears within a second. He tried to keep himself steady but it couldn't help. "mellow" tries to know what happened to him. After finding out he told him about his condition that he has been suffering from dyslexia (bascially he found himself confused while reading and writing) as he grows so does the other illness!. That's why he never had the chance to go to the school. His got murdere